=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

gba - Command-line code uploader for the Gameboy Advance

=head1 VERSION

version 0.002

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    $ gba --verbose code.gba
    .....Opening GBA file readonly
    .....GBA file length 0x000003a0
    BusPirate(mstr) GBA(slave)
    Looking for GBA 0x72026202
    0x72026202 0x00006202  ; Found GBA
    0x72026202 0x00006102  ; Recognition OK
    0x00020000 0x00006200  ; Transfer of header data complete
    0x72026200 0x00006202  ; Exchange master/slave info again
    0x72026202 0x000063d1  ; Send palette data
    0x739163d1 0x000063d1  ; Send palette data, receive 0x73hh****
    0x739863d1 0x000064a0  ; Send handshake data
    0x736464a0 0x00000084  ; Send length info, receive seed 0x**cc****
    Upload: 100% [=========================================]D 0h00m14s
    Wait for GBA to respond with CRC 0x00750065
    0x00750065 0x00000066  ; GBA ready with CRC
    0x8caa0066 0x00008caa  ; Let's exchange CRC!
    CRC ...hope they match!
    MultiBoot done

=head1 INSTALLATION

    cpan Device::GBA

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Nintendo Gameboy Advance can either boot from cartridge or over link cable. The latter is caled multiboot mode and is basically SPI and a homebrew encoding scheme. Unfortunately, the Bus Pirate doesn't have a 100k SPI mode, so we are using 125000 instead. If you encounter problems with booting, use the next lower speed (30000) as bitrate.
This utility allows uploading multiboot GBA images with the L<BusPirate|Device::BusPirate>. Don't forget to pass C<-specs=gba_mb.specs> to devkitARM GCC if you want to link a multiboot image. The package's C<share/> subdirectory contains an L<example Makefile|https://github.com/athreef/Device-GBA/blob/master/share/testimg/Makefile> for cross-compilation. The wiring is as follows:

    GBA     Bus Pirate
    SO  --> MISO
    SI  <-- MOSI
    CLK <-- CLK

Note: This is still work in progress!

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 pirate / p

Buspirate COM port/device file

    $ gba -p <COM_port>

=head2 verbose / no-verbose

Toggle verbose output. Output is verbose by default

    $ gba --no-verbose

=head2 version / v

Shows the current version number

    $ gba --version

=head2 help / h

Shows a brief help message

    $ gba --help

=head1 GIT REPOSITORY

L<http://github.com/athreef/Device-GBA>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Device::GBA> powering this utility.

=head1 AUTHOR

Ahmad Fatoum C<< <athreef@cpan.org> >>, L<http://a3f.at>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2018 Ahmad Fatoum

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License v2.0 or later.

=cut
